So, I'm really interested.
It's what I call bridging the gap between the poets and the quants,
and the idea is to make numbers tell a story and speak to people who are not necessarily
accustomed to working with data to make
it into a story that they can digest understand and then act upon.
So, I started out as a literary agent and studied
English literature and I realized that I
was actually interested in transitioning to the business side of media.
So, during my MBA,
I focused on statistics and big data electives wherever I could and I also
pursued my own online learning to learn the coding bits and the technical bit.
Just after the MBA joined the Bertlesmann group in the Bertlesmann entrepreneurs program.
In terms of the music industry at large,
the main applications of data science are around streaming.
So, how do people discover music,
how are they consuming music especially being able to track
the path from discovery to becoming a fan on streaming services.
Finding new acts, how can you automate some of that search especially given the explosion
of just the amount of content that is out
there also just around being able to forecast and predict.
Sales, how much stock you should hold a final and CDs for example,
for me it was really an experience of realizing
that you can teach yourself a tremendous amount of skills
and especially technical skills and I as somebody who
originally was maybe afraid of things like coding,
was able to just with persistence teach myself
something and I feel like that's something that can really
scale because if I can do it really anybody can.